profile/README.md, before:

# Oldschool Computers KiCad Repository

![Required KiCad Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/kicad-%3E%3D7.0-success)
![Minimum KiCad Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/kicad-=6.0-orange)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository)

This organization is here to centralise all my libs for KiCad.  
The main part is the KiCad repository [oldschool-kicad-repository](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository).  


## 1. Elements in the KiCad repository
### 1.1 Libraries
|Name|Repository|Author|Versions|
|:---|:---------|:-----|:------|
|gpib-kicad-library|[https://github.com/Alba0404/gpib-kicad-library](https://github.com/Alba0404/gpib-kicad-library)|Alba0404|1.0.0-1.2.0|
|tektronix-kicad-library|[https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/tektronix-kicad-library](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/tektronix-kicad-library)|Alba0404|1.0.0|

### 1.2 Plugins
|Name|Repository|Author|Versions|
|:---|:---------|:-----|:------|

### 1.3 Color Themes
|Name|Repository|Author|Versions|
|:---|:---------|:-----|:------|


## 2. Contributions
Contributions are welcomed ! Please feel free to open an [Issue](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository/issues)
or a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository/pulls).  
All modifications must follows the [KiCad Library Convention](https://klc.kicad.org/) or justify the violation.

If you want your library to be included in this KiCad repository, open a pull request, we will discuss about it.


## 3. License
oldschool-kicad-repository (c) by [Alexandre Barrat](https://github.com/Alba0404) (Alba0404)  
This KiCad repository is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode), with the following exception:
> To the extent that the creation of electronic designs that use 'Licensed Material' can be considered to be 'Adapted Material', then the copyright holder waives article 3 of the license with respect to these designs and any generated files which use data provided as part of the 'Licensed Material'.

This project is not endorsed by KiCad.

Commit message:

Update README.md - add the installation part

profile/README.md, after:

# Oldschool Computers KiCad Repository

![Required KiCad Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/kicad-%3E%3D7.0-success)
![Minimum KiCad Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/kicad-=6.0-orange)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository)

This organization is here to centralise all my libs for KiCad.  
The main part is the KiCad repository [oldschool-kicad-repository](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository).  


## 1. Elements in the KiCad repository
### 1.1 Libraries
|Name|Repository|Author|Versions|
|:---|:---------|:-----|:------|
|gpib-kicad-library|[https://github.com/Alba0404/gpib-kicad-library](https://github.com/Alba0404/gpib-kicad-library)|Alba0404|1.0.0-1.2.0|
|tektronix-kicad-library|[https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/tektronix-kicad-library](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/tektronix-kicad-library)|Alba0404|1.0.0|

### 1.2 Plugins
|Name|Repository|Author|Versions|
|:---|:---------|:-----|:------|

### 1.3 Color Themes
|Name|Repository|Author|Versions|
|:---|:---------|:-----|:------|


## 2. Installation
  - Open KiCad and go to the **Plugin and Content Manager**.
  - On the right click on the **Manage** button.
  - Click on the crossed button to add a repository.
  - Paste the *repository.json* URL :
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository/main/repository.json
```
  - Click on **OK**, wait for KiCad to load the repository and then click on **Save**.


## 3. Contributions
Contributions are welcomed ! Please feel free to open an [Issue](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository/issues)
or a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Oldschool-Computers-KiCad-repository/oldschool-kicad-repository/pulls).  
All modifications must follows the [KiCad Library Convention](https://klc.kicad.org/) or justify the violation.

If you want your library to be included in this KiCad repository, open a pull request, we will discuss about it.


## 4. License
oldschool-kicad-repository (c) by [Alexandre Barrat](https://github.com/Alba0404) (Alba0404)  
This KiCad repository is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode), with the following exception:
> To the extent that the creation of electronic designs that use 'Licensed Material' can be considered to be 'Adapted Material', then the copyright holder waives article 3 of the license with respect to these designs and any generated files which use data provided as part of the 'Licensed Material'.

This project is not endorsed by KiCad.
